#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Limbo4 User's Guide
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Be sure to export to html.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
What is Limbo?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Limbo is the closet in Purgatory, the area between Hell and Heaven alleys
 in Blacker House.
 This closet houses an 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

honor-code store
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, an exchange where moles and social-moles may buy and sell things (mostly
 drinks and snacks).
 Things work on the honor code, which means that nobody should take advantage
 of anyone else.
 This obviously means that theft of items or money is not allowed.
 What this also implies is that buyers should live up to their promise to
 pay for things they buy.
 While we don't require buyers to pay immediately, we do require them to
 record their purchases and act in their best capacity to avoid being in
 debt.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
What is Limbo4?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Limbo4 is the software used for bookkeeping.
 All transactions (buying, selling, depositing/withdrawing money, etc) must
 be recorded by Limbo4.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
